The server should take in reqs from clients, forward those to the matching engine, route matching engine results to a
per client data structure, and serve responses to clients.

1. Read into a buffer. Parse the buffer and validate the data within it.
2. Push to the inbound ring buffer.
3. Drain the outbound ring and use the client_id to send the message to the right client's outbound message ring buffer
4. Drain the per client outbound message ring buffer, fill a buffer with the information within the message, and send
   that buffer data to the client.

From a lower level...

We need to read data from clients and parse, then send those to the matching engine.
Since we are using epoll, we need to finish any previous partial writes next before draining the outbound buffer.
Then, we drain the outbound buffer and route those messages to the per client ring buffers.
For each client fd that has an outbound message to send, we're going to try to serialize and send the buffer.

1. On readable (state is reading and EPOLLIN event), we should read and try to parse the data. If we don't have
   enough bytes, we should remain in reading and continue to the next event. If we have enough bytes, we try to parse
   and if that fails then we start serializing with an error. If we have enough bytes and succeed, then we move to
   execution.

2. Try to push to the ring buffer. If we fail, busy wait; the engine is fast enough to make this less costly, and the
   ring buffer is large enough to make this unlikely.

3. Finish off partial writes. If we finish, de-register from EPOLLOUT and move state to reading. Also should clear
   buffer state.

4. Try to pop from the ring buffer. If we fail, just move on. Otherwise, perform routing.

5. Serialize a response once. This should NEVER fail. Send the buffer to the client. If this is full, clear the buffer
   and set state to reading. Otherwise, register with EPOLLOUT and remaining in sending phase.

REMEMBER UNWRITTEN/PARTIALLY WRITTEN HANDLING LOGIC SO THAT YOU DONT SERIALIZE TWICE

This is two halves, NOT a single pipeline. You have reading -> parsing -> handoff (to engine) and
routing -> serializing -> sending.

TODO write path, check over error handling, run back through code